[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[habitrpg.backgroundsjson]
file_filter = <lang>/backgrounds.json
source_file = en/backgrounds.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.challengejson]
file_filter = <lang>/challenge.json
source_file = en/challenge.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.characterjson]
file_filter = <lang>/character.json
source_file = en/character.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.contentjson]
file_filter = <lang>/content.json
source_file = en/content.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.contribjson]
file_filter = <lang>/contrib.json
source_file = en/contrib.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.defaulttasksjson]
file_filter = <lang>/defaultTasks.json
source_file = en/defaultTasks.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.frontjson]
file_filter = <lang>/front.json
source_file = en/front.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.gearjson]
file_filter = <lang>/gear.json
source_file = en/gear.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.genericjson]
file_filter = <lang>/generic.json
source_file = en/generic.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.groupsjson]
file_filter = <lang>/groups.json
source_file = en/groups.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.limitedjson]
file_filter = <lang>/limited.json
source_file = en/limited.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.messagesjson]
file_filter = <lang>/messages.json
source_file = en/messages.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.npcjson]
file_filter = <lang>/npc.json
source_file = en/npc.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.petsjson]
file_filter = <lang>/pets.json
source_file = en/pets.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.questsjson]
file_filter = <lang>/quests.json
source_file = en/quests.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.questscontentjson]
file_filter = <lang>/questsContent.json
source_file = en/questsContent.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.rebirthjson]
file_filter = <lang>/rebirth.json
source_file = en/rebirth.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.settingsjson]
file_filter = <lang>/settings.json
source_file = en/settings.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.spellsjson]
file_filter = <lang>/spells.json
source_file = en/spells.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.subscriberjson]
file_filter = <lang>/subscriber.json
source_file = en/subscriber.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

[habitrpg.tasksjson]
file_filter = <lang>/tasks.json
source_file = en/tasks.json
source_lang = en
type = KEYVALUEJSON 

